Connect to Kafka PL/PSC service from TiDB Cloud (#19323)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md

| Google Cloud project of TiDB Cloud | `tidbcloud-prod-000`              |
| Zones                              | <ul><li> `us-west1-a` </li><li> `us-west1-b` </li><li> `us-west1-c` </li></ul>   |
| Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern  | The unique random string: `abc` <br/> Generated pattern: &lt;broker_id&gt;.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:&lt;port&gt; |

## Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect service by PSC port mapping

Expose each Kafka broker to TiDB Cloud VPC with a unique port by using the PSC port mapping mechanism. The following diagram shows how it works.

![Connect to Google Cloud self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by port mapping](/media/tidb-cloud/changefeed/connect-to-google-cloud-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-portmapping.jpeg)

### Step 1. Set up the Kafka cluster

If you need to deploy a new cluster, follow the instructions in [Deploy a new Kafka cluster](#deploy-a-new-kafka-cluster).

If you need to expose an existing cluster, follow the instructions in [Reconfigure a running Kafka cluster](#reconfigure-a-running-kafka-cluster). 

#### Deploy a new Kafka cluster

**1. Set up the Kafka VPC**

> You need to create two subnets for Kafka VPC, one for Kafka brokers, and the other for bastion node to make it easy to configure the Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to create two subnets for Kafka VPC, one for Kafka brokers, and the other for the bastion node to make it easy to configure the Kafka cluster.
```

    gcloud compute scp kafka_2.13-3.7.1.tgz openjdk-22.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz broker-node2:~ --zone=us-west1-b
    gcloud compute ssh broker-node2 --zone=us-west1-b --command="tar -zxf kafka_2.13-3.7.1.tgz && tar -zxf openjdk-22.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz"
    gcloud compute scp kafka_2.13-3.7.1.tgz openjdk-22.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz broker-node3:~ --zone=us-west1-c
    gcloud compute ssh broker-node3 --zone=us-west1-c --command="tar -zxf kafka_2.13-3.7.1.tgz && tar -zxf openjdk-22.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz"
    ```

**4. Configure Kafka brokers**

1. Set up a KRaft Kafka cluster with three nodes. Each node acts as a broker and controller roles. For every broker:

    1. For `listeners`, all three brokers are the same and act as brokers and controller roles:
        1. Configure the same CONTROLLER listener for all **controller** role nodes. If you only want to add the **broker** role nodes, you do not need the CONTROLLER listener in `server.properties`.
        2. Configure two **broker** listeners. INTERNAL for internal access; EXTERNAL for external access from TiDB Cloud.
    
    2. For `advertised.listeners`, do the following:

>         1. Configure an INTERNAL advertised listener for every broker with internal IP of broker node, advertise internal Kafka clients use this address to visit the broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Configure an INTERNAL advertised listener for each broker using the internal IP address of the broker node, which allows internal Kafka clients to connect to the broker via the advertised internal address.
```

        2. Configure an EXTERNAL advertised listener based on **Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern** you get from TiDB Cloud for every broker node to help TiDB Cloud differentiate between different brokers. Different EXTERNAL advertised listeners help Kafka clients from TiDB Cloud side route requests to the right broker.

>             - `<port>` differentiates brokers from Kafka Private Service Connect access point. Plan a port range for EXTERNAL advertised listeners of all brokers. These ports do not have to be actual ports listened on brokers. They are ports listened on the load balancer for Private Service Connect that will forward requests to different brokers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - `<port>` differentiates brokers from Kafka Private Service Connect access points. Plan a port range for EXTERNAL advertised listeners of all brokers. These ports do not have to be actual ports listened to by brokers. They are ports listened to by the load balancer for Private Service Connect that will forward requests to different brokers.
```

    listeners=INTERNAL://0.0.0.0:9092,CONTROLLER://0.0.0.0:29092,EXTERNAL://0.0.0.0:39092
    inter.broker.listener.name=INTERNAL
    advertised.listeners=INTERNAL://{broker-node3-ip}:9092,EXTERNAL://b3.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:9095
    controller.listener.names=CONTROLLER
    listener.security.protocol.map=INTERNAL:PLAINTEXT,CONTROLLER:PLAINTEXT,EXTERNAL:PLAINTEXT,SSL:SSL,SASL_PLAINTEXT:SASL_PLAINTEXT,SASL_SSL:SASL_SSL
    log.dirs=./data
    ```

3. Create a script, and then execute it to start the Kafka broker in each broker node.

    ```shell
    #!/bin/bash

    # Get the directory of the current script
    SCRIPT_DIR="$(cd "$(dirname "${BASH_SOURCE[0]}")" && pwd)"
    # Set JAVA_HOME to the Java installation within the script directory
    export JAVA_HOME="$SCRIPT_DIR/jdk-22.0.2"
    # Define the vars
    KAFKA_DIR="$SCRIPT_DIR/kafka_2.13-3.7.1/bin"
    KAFKA_STORAGE_CMD=$KAFKA_DIR/kafka-storage.sh
    KAFKA_START_CMD=$KAFKA_DIR/kafka-server-start.sh
    KAFKA_DATA_DIR=$SCRIPT_DIR/data
    KAFKA_LOG_DIR=$SCRIPT_DIR/log
    KAFKA_CONFIG_DIR=$SCRIPT_DIR/config

>     # Cleanup step which makes it easy for multiple experiments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Cleanup step, which makes it easy for multiple experiments
```

    # Magic id: BRl69zcmTFmiPaoaANybiw, you can use your own
    $KAFKA_STORAGE_CMD format -t "BRl69zcmTFmiPaoaANybiw" -c "$KAFKA_CONFIG_DIR/server.properties" > $KAFKA_LOG_DIR/server_format.log   
    LOG_DIR=$KAFKA_LOG_DIR nohup $KAFKA_START_CMD "$KAFKA_CONFIG_DIR/server.properties" &
    ```

**5. Test the Kafka cluster in the bastion node**

1. Test the Kafka bootstrap.

    ```shell
    export JAVA_HOME=~/jdk-22.0.2

    # Bootstrap from INTERNAL listener
    ./kafka_2.13-3.7.1/bin/kafka-broker-api-versions.sh --bootstrap-server {one_of_broker_ip}:9092 | grep 9092
    # Expected output (the actual order might be different)
    {broker-node1-ip}:9092 (id: 1 rack: null) -> (
    {broker-node2-ip}:9092 (id: 2 rack: null) -> (
    {broker-node3-ip}:9092 (id: 3 rack: null) -> (

    # Bootstrap from EXTERNAL listener
    ./kafka_2.13-3.7.1/bin/kafka-broker-api-versions.sh --bootstrap-server {one_of_broker_ip}:39092
    # Expected output for the last 3 lines (the actual order might be different)
    # The difference in the output from "bootstrap from INTERNAL listener" is that exceptions or errors might occur because advertised listeners cannot be resolved in Kafka VPC.

>     # We will make them resolvable in TiDB Cloud side and make it route to the right broker. 

Author: ```suggestion
    # We will make them resolvable in TiDB Cloud side and make it route to the right broker when you create a changefeed connect to this Kafka cluster by Private Service Connect. 
```

    2. Configure an EXTERNAL **advertised listener** based on **Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern** you get from TiDB Cloud for every broker node to help TiDB Cloud differentiate between different brokers. Different EXTERNAL advertised listeners help Kafka clients from TiDB Cloud side route requests to the right broker.
       - `<port>` differentiates brokers from Kafka Private Service Connect access points. Plan a port range for EXTERNAL advertised listeners of all brokers, for example, `range from 9093`. These ports do not have to be actual ports listened to by brokers. They are ports listened to by the load balancer for Private Service Connect that will forward requests to different brokers.
        - It is recommended to configure different broker IDs for different brokers to make it easy for troubleshooting.

2. Use SSH to log in to each broker node. Modify the configuration file of each broker with the following content:

     ```properties
     # Add EXTERNAL listener
     listeners=INTERNAL:...,EXTERNAL://0.0.0.0:39092

>      # Add EXTERNAL advertised listeners based on the "Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern" in "Prerequisites" section
>      # 1. The pattern is "<broker_id>.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:<port>"
>      # 2. So the EXTERNAL can be "bx.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:xxxx", replace <broker_id> with "b" prefix plus "node.id" properties, replace <port> with a unique port in EXTERNAL advertised listener ports range 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Add EXTERNAL advertised listeners based on the "Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern" in the "Prerequisites" section
     # 1. The pattern is "<broker_id>.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:<port>".
     # 2. So the EXTERNAL can be "bx.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:xxxx". Replace <broker_id> with "b" prefix plus "node.id" properties, and replace <port> with a unique port in the port range of the EXTERNAL advertised listener.
```

     # For example
     advertised.listeners=...,EXTERNAL://b1.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:9093

     # Configure EXTERNAL map
    listener.security.protocol.map=...,EXTERNAL:PLAINTEXT
     ```

3. After you reconfigure all the brokers, restart your Kafka brokers one by one.

**2. Test EXTERNAL listener settings in your internal network**

You can download Kafka and OpenJDK in your Kafka client node.

```shell
# Download Kafka and OpenJDK, and then extract the files. You can choose the binary version based on your preference.
wget https://downloads.apache.org/kafka/3.7.1/kafka_2.13-3.7.1.tgz
tar -zxf kafka_2.13-3.7.1.tgz
wget https://download.java.net/java/GA/jdk22.0.2/c9ecb94cd31b495da20a27d4581645e8/9/GPL/openjdk-22.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz
tar -zxf openjdk-22.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz
```

Execute the following script to test if the bootstrap works as expected.

```shell
export JAVA_HOME=~/jdk-22.0.2

# Bootstrap from the EXTERNAL listener
./kafka_2.13-3.7.1/bin/kafka-broker-api-versions.sh --bootstrap-server {one_of_broker_ip}:39092

# Expected output for the last 3 lines (the actual order might be different)

> # There will be some exceptions or errors since advertised listeners can not be resolved in your Kafka network. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# There will be some exceptions or errors because advertised listeners cannot be resolved in your Kafka network. 
```

> # We will make them resolvable in TiDB Cloud side and make it route to the right broker. 

Author: ```suggestion
# We will make them resolvable in TiDB Cloud side and make it route to the right broker when you create a changefeed connect to this Kafka cluster by Private Service Connect. 
```

        - **Client Port**: `9095`

3. Go to the [Load balancing](https://console.cloud.google.com/net-services/loadbalancing/list/loadBalancers) page. Create a load balancer as follows:

    - **Type of load balancer**: `Network Load Balancer`
    - **Proxy or Passthrough**: `Passthrough`
    - **Public facing or internal**: `Internal`
    - **Load Balancer name**: `kafka-lb`
    - **Region**: `us-west1`
    - **Network**: `kafka-vpc`
    - Backend configuration
        - **Backend type**: `Port mapping network endpoint group`
        - **Protocol**: `TCP`
        - **Port mapping network endpoint group**: `kafka-neg`
    - Frontend configuration
        - **Subnetwork**: `brokers-subnet`
        - **Ports**: `All`

4. Go to [**Private Service Connect** > **PUBLISH SERVICE**](https://console.cloud.google.com/net-services/psc/list/producers).

    - **Load Balancer Type**: `Internal passthrough Network Load Balancer`
    - **Internal load balancer**: `kafka-lb`
    - **Service name**: `kafka-psc`
    - **Subnets**: `RESERVE NEW SUBNET`
        - **Name**: `psc-subnet`
        - **VPC Network**: `kafka-vpc`
        - **Region**: `us-west1`
        - **IPv4 range**: `10.128.0.0/18`

>     - **Accepted projects**: the Google Cloud project of TiDB Cloud you got in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites), for example `tidbcloud-prod-000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Accepted projects**: the Google Cloud project of TiDB Cloud you got in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites), for example, `tidbcloud-prod-000`.
```

> 5. Navigate to the detail page of the `kafka-psc`. Note down the **Service attachment**, for example `projects/tidbcloud-dp-stg-000/regions/us-west1/serviceAttachments/kafka-psc`. You will use it in TiDB Cloud to connect to this PSC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Navigate to the detail page of the `kafka-psc`. Note down the **Service attachment**, for example, `projects/tidbcloud-dp-stg-000/regions/us-west1/serviceAttachments/kafka-psc`. You will use it in TiDB Cloud to connect to this PSC.
```

6. Go to the detail page of the VPC network `kafka-vpc`. Add a firewall rule to allow PSC traffic to all brokers.

    - **Name**: `allow-psc-traffic`
    - **Direction of traffic**: `Ingress`
    - **Action on match**: `Allow`
    - **Targets**: `All instances in the network`
    - **Source filter**: `IPv4 ranges`
    - **Source IPv4 ranges**: `10.128.0.0/18`. The range of psc-subnet.
    - **Protocols and ports**: Allow all

### Step 3. Connect from TiDB Cloud

1. Go back to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) to create a changefeed for the cluster to connect to the Kafka cluster by **Private Service Connect**. For more information, see [Sink to Apache Kafka](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md).

2. When you proceed to **Configure the changefeed target > Connectivity Method > Private Service Connect**, fill in the following fields with corresponding values and other fields as needed.

    - **Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern**: `abc`. It is the same as the unique random string you use to generate **Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern** in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites).

>     - **Service Attachment**: the kafka service attachment of PSC, for example `projects/tidbcloud-dp-stg-000/regions/us-west1/serviceAttachments/kafka-psc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Service Attachment**: the Kafka service attachment of PSC, for example, `projects/tidbcloud-dp-stg-000/regions/us-west1/serviceAttachments/kafka-psc`.
```

    - **Bootstrap Ports**: `9092,9093,9094`

3. Proceed with the steps in [Sink to Apache Kafka](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md).

## Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy

Expose each Kafka broker to TiDB Cloud VPC with a unique port by using the Kafka-proxy dynamic port mapping mechanism. The following diagram shows how it works.

![Connect to Google Cloud self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka proxy](/media/tidb-cloud/changefeed/connect-to-google-cloud-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy.jpeg)

### Step 1. Set up Kafka-proxy

> Assume that you already have a Kafka cluster running in the same region as the TiDB Cluster. You can connect to the Kafka cluster from your VPC network. The Kafka cluster can be self-hosted or provided by third-party providers, such as Confluent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that you already have a Kafka cluster running in the same region as the TiDB cluster. You can connect to the Kafka cluster from your VPC network. The Kafka cluster can be self-hosted or provided by third-party providers, such as Confluent.
```

1. Go to the [Instance groups](https://console.cloud.google.com/compute/instanceGroups/list) page, and create an instance group for Kafka-proxy.

    - **Name**: `kafka-proxy-ig`
    - Instance template:
        - **Name**: `kafka-proxy-tpl`
        - **Location**: `Regional`
        - **Region**: `us-west1`

>         - **Machine type**: `e2-medium`. You can choose your own machine type based on you workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Machine type**: `e2-medium`. You can choose your own machine type based on your workload.
```

>         - **Network**: your VPC network that can connect to Kafka cluster.
>         - **Subnetwork**: your subnet that can connect to Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Network**: your VPC network that can connect to the Kafka cluster.
        - **Subnetwork**: your subnet that can connect the to Kafka cluster.
```

2. Go to the detail page of the node in kafka-proxy-ig. Click **SSH** to log in to the node. Download the binaries:

    ```shell
    # You can choose another version 
    wget https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy/releases/download/v0.3.11/kafka-proxy-v0.3.11-linux-amd64.tar.gz
    tar -zxf kafka-proxy-v0.3.11-linux-amd64.tar.gz
    ```

3. Run Kafka-proxy and connect to Kafka brokers.

    ```shell
    # There are three kinds of parameters that need to feed to the Kafka-proxy
    # 1. --bootstrap-server-mapping defines the bootstrap mapping. Suggest that you configure three mappings, one for each zone for resilience.
    #   a) Kafka broker address; 
    #   b) Local address for the broker in Kafka-proxy; 
    #   c) Advertised listener for the broker if Kafka clients bootstrap from Kafka-proxy

>     # 2. --dynamic-sequential-min-port defines the start port of the random mapping for others brokers
>     # 3. --dynamic-advertised-listener defines advertised listener address for others brokers based on the pattern got from "Prerequisites" section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # 2. --dynamic-sequential-min-port defines the start port of the random mapping for other brokers
    # 3. --dynamic-advertised-listener defines advertised listener address for other brokers based on the pattern obtained from the "Prerequisites" section
```

    #   a) The pattern: <broker_id>.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:<port>

>     #   b) Replace <broker_id> to fixed lower case string, for example "brokers". You can use your own string, but it's MUST. This will help TiDB Cloud route requests properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #   b) Make sure to replace <broker_id> with a fixed lowercase string, for example, "brokers". You can use your own string. This step will help TiDB Cloud route requests properly.
```

    #   c) Remove ":<port>"
    #   d) The advertised listener address would be: brokers.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com
    ./kafka-proxy server \
            --bootstrap-server-mapping "{address_of_broker1},0.0.0.0:9092,b1.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:9092" \
            --bootstrap-server-mapping "{address_of_broker2},0.0.0.0:9093,b2.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:9093" \
            --bootstrap-server-mapping "{address_of_broker3},0.0.0.0:9094,b3.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com:9094" \
            --dynamic-sequential-min-port=9095 \
            --dynamic-advertised-listener=brokers.abc.us-west1.gcp.3199745.tidbcloud.com > ./kafka_proxy.log 2>&1 &
    ```

> 4. Test bootstrap in Kafka-proxy node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Test bootstrap in the Kafka-proxy node.
```

    ```shell
    # Download Kafka and OpenJDK, and then extract the files. You can choose the binary version based on your preference.
    wget https://downloads.apache.org/kafka/3.7.1/kafka_2.13-3.7.1.tgz
    tar -zxf kafka_2.13-3.7.1.tgz
    wget https://download.java.net/java/GA/jdk22.0.2/c9ecb94cd31b495da20a27d4581645e8/9/GPL/openjdk-22.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz
    tar -zxf openjdk-22.0.2_linux-x64_bin.tar.gz

    export JAVA_HOME=~/jdk-22.0.2

    ./kafka_2.13-3.7.1/bin/kafka-broker-api-versions.sh --bootstrap-server 0.0.0.0:9092
    # Expected output(lines in tail), order may be different.
    # There are exceptions or errors since advertised listeners can not be resolved in your network.

>     # We will make them resolvable in TiDB Cloud side and make it route to the right broker. 

Author: ```suggestion
    # We will make them resolvable in TiDB Cloud side and make it route to the right broker when you create a changefeed connect to this Kafka cluster by Private Service Connect. 
```

>     # Expected output(lines in tail), order may be different.
>     # There are exceptions or errors since advertised listeners can not be resolved in your network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Expected output of the last few lines (the actual order might be different)
    # There might be exceptions or errors because advertised listeners cannot be resolved in your network.
```

    - **Proxy or Passthrough**: `Passthrough`
    - **Public facing or internal**: `Internal`
    - **Load Balancer name**: `kafka-proxy-lb`
    - **Region**: `us-west1`
    - **Network**: your network
    - Backend configuration
        - **Backend type**: `Instance group`
        - **Protocol**: `TCP`
        - **Instance group**: `kafka-proxy-ig`
    - Frontend configuration
        - **Subnetwork**: your subnet
        - **Ports**: `All`
        - Heath check:
            - **Name**: `kafka-proxy-hc`
            - **Scope**: `Regional`
            - **Protocol**: `TCP`
            - **Port**: `9092`. You can select one of the bootstrap ports in Kafka-proxy.

2. Go to [**Private Service Connect** > **PUBLISH SERVICE**](https://console.cloud.google.com/net-services/psc/list/producers).

    - **Load Balancer Type**: `Internal passthrough Network Load Balancer`
    - **Internal load balancer**: `kafka-proxy-lb`
    - **Service name**: `kafka-proxy-psc`
    - **Subnets**: `RESERVE NEW SUBNET`
        - **Name**: `proxy-psc-subnet`
        - **VPC Network**: your network
        - **Region**: `us-west1`
        - **IPv4 range**: set the CIDR based on your network planning

>     - **Accepted projects**: the Google Cloud project of TiDB Cloud you get in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites), for example `tidbcloud-prod-000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Accepted projects**: the Google Cloud project of TiDB Cloud you get in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites), for example, `tidbcloud-prod-000`.
```

> 3. Navigate to the detail page of the **kafka-proxy-psc**. Note down the `Service attachment`, for example `projects/tidbcloud-dp-stg-000/regions/us-west1/serviceAttachments/kafka-proxy-psc`, which will be used in TiDB Cloud to connect to this PSC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the detail page of the **kafka-proxy-psc**. Note down the `Service attachment`, for example, `projects/tidbcloud-dp-stg-000/regions/us-west1/serviceAttachments/kafka-proxy-psc`, which will be used in TiDB Cloud to connect to this PSC.
```

4. Go to the detail page of your VPC network. Add a firewall rule to allow the PSC traffic for all brokers.

    - **Name**: `allow-proxy-psc-traffic`
    - **Direction of traffic**: `Ingress`
    - **Action on match**: `Allow`
    - **Targets**: All instances in the network
    - **Source filter**: `IPv4 ranges`
    - **Source IPv4 ranges**: the CIDR of proxy-psc-subnet
    - **Protocols and ports**: Allow all

### Step 3. Connect from TiDB Cloud

> 1. Return to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) and create a changefeed for the cluster to connect to Kafka cluster by **Private Service Connect**. For more information, see [Sink to Apache Kafka](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Return to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com) and create a changefeed for the cluster to connect to the Kafka cluster by **Private Service Connect**. For more information, see [Sink to Apache Kafka](/tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md).
```

> 2. After you proceed to the **Configure the changefeed target** > **Connectivity Method** > **Private Service Connect**, fill in the following fields with corresponding values and others fields as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After you proceed to the **Configure the changefeed target** > **Connectivity Method** > **Private Service Connect**, fill in the following fields with corresponding values and other fields as needed.
```

   - **Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern**: `abc`. The same as the unique random string you use to generate **Kafka Advertised Listener Pattern** in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites).

>    - **Service Attachment**: the kafka-proxy service attachment of PSC, for example `projects/tidbcloud-dp-stg-000/regions/us-west1/serviceAttachments/kafka-proxy-psc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Service Attachment**: the kafka-proxy service attachment of PSC, for example, `projects/tidbcloud-dp-stg-000/regions/us-west1/serviceAttachments/kafka-proxy-psc`.
```
